book: Second libadwaita section (#1112)
gtk-rs/gtk4-rs: book/src/todo_4.md

> # Make To-Do App Adaptive

Author: Mmmh fair point.

Maybe "Adding Collections"?

> # Make To-Do App Adaptive

Reviewer: Sounds good

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<interface>
  <menu id="main-menu">
    <!--Menu implementation--> 
  </menu>
  <template class="TodoWindow" parent="AdwApplicationWindow">
    <property name="width-request">360</property>
    <property name="title" translatable="yes">To-Do</property>
    <property name="content">
      <object class="GtkStack" id="stack">
        <property name="transition-type">crossfade</property>
        <child>
          <object class="GtkStackPage">
            <property name="name">empty</property>
            <property name="child">
              <object class="GtkBox">
                <!--Placeholder page implementation--> 
              </object>
            </property>
          </object>
        </child>
        <child>
          <object class="GtkStackPage">
            <property name="name">main</property>
            <property name="child">
              <object class="AdwLeaflet" id="leaflet">
                <!--Main page implementation-->
              </object>
            </property>
          </object>
        </child>
      </object>
    </property>
  </template>
</interface>
```

> In order to create the pageholder page as displayed before, we combine a flat header bar with [`adw::StatusPage`](https://world.pages.gitlab.gnome.org/Rust/libadwaita-rs/stable/latest/docs/libadwaita/struct.StatusPage.html).

Author: I've talked with Tobias about it and he says that both are fine here.
So I am going to leave it as is for now :)

      <property name="child">
        <object class="AdwStatusPage">
          <property name="icon-name">checkbox-checked-symbolic</property>
          <property name="title" translatable="yes">No Tasks</property>
          <property name="description" translatable="yes">Create some tasks to start using the app.</property>
          <property name="child">
            <object class="GtkButton">
              <property name="label" translatable="yes">_New Collection</property>
              <property name="use-underline">True</property>
              <property name="halign">center</property>
              <property name="action-name">win.new-collection</property>
              <style>
                <class name="pill" />
                <class name="suggested-action" />
              </style>
            </object>
          </property>
        </object>
      </property>
    </object>
  </child>
</object>
```

## Collections

We still need a way to store our collections.
Just like we have already created `TaskObject`, we will now introduce `CollectionObject`.
It will have the members `title` and `tasks`, both of which will be exposed as properties.

> As usual, the full implementation can be seen by clicking at the eye symbol at the top right of the snippet. 

Author: Yeah, seems like that is a recent change.
https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook/pull/1806

```

We also add more callbacks to `setup_callbacks`.
Importantly, we want to filter our current task model whenever the value of the setting "filter" changes.
Whenever the items of our collections change we also want to set the stack.
This makes sure that our placeholder page is shown if there are no collections.
When we click on an item of `collections_list`, `current_collection` should be set to the selected collection and we should then navigate to the task view.
That is setup in `collections_list.connect_row_activated`, but we also need to setup `leaflet.connect_folded_notify` to make sure that no selection of `collections_list` items is happening in folded mode so that it just directly moves to the task view.
Finally, we connect to a click of the `back_button` in the task view so that we can return to the collections view again in folded mode.

Filename: <a class=file-link href="https://github.com/gtk-rs/gtk4-rs/blob/master/book/listings/todo/8/window/imp.rs">listings/todo/8/window/mod.rs</a>

```rust,no_run,noplayground
{{#rustdoc_include ../listings/todo/8/window/mod.rs:setup_callbacks}}
```

Before, we called the method `set_stack`.

> This method assures if collections are there, the "main" page is shown and the "placeholder" page otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method ensures that when there are any collections, the "main" page is shown, and the "placeholder" page otherwise.
```
